# Week 8

## Humanitarian Open Source Projects
Looking at the definition of humanitarian, I could see some open source projects I know of having humanitarian aspects. One of the largest ones would be Wikipedia and its sister projects. Wikipedia's goal is open access to information, providing an encyclopedic overview of a subject and links to sources. The ability to download it is also helpful for people who may not consistently have internet access. Oppia has a similar goal of open access to educational courses.

A number of open source projects aim to make things a little easier for its target users so that they can use their time more efficiently and focus on other important aspects of their work. I used the Brackets text editor while taking a web development class, and it made it so much easier for me to test changes to the structure or styling of my web pages. I could simply type some changes, save, and instantly preview how the page would look. Libraries like numpy and scipy conveniently add extra functionality to Python so developers can focus on their work rather than importing extra functionality. On a less technical note, I also encountered Notebook.ai, which allows writers and game developers, for whom world building is an essential part of their work, to keep all of that information in one place. It also automatically creates relevant links.

## Group Project Updates

### Group Progress
During this week's meeting, my group made sure that everyone had the development environment set up. We also reviewed the contribution and style guides for PDF.js and managed to connect to the IRC channel. Additionally, we decided to have links for the style guide and other useful reference pages in a markdown file in our repository, since we'll probably have to refer back to some of these during the course of the semester. We also reviewed and updated our milestones.
### Individual goals
My goals for this week are to spend some time going through closed issues to get a sense of the whole process as well as what the requirements for contributions are. I also hope to triage at least one or two bugs this week. Triaging bugs will help me gain a place in the community and learn more about the project.
## Contributions
Last week I opened an issue on the course site [ here](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/97)
