---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


### What is open source?
When I think about open source, I think of freely available software. But I also think of it as free in monetary terms, as the open source software I use most is also no cost. Open source software can also sometimes be seen as alternative to the most commonly used proprietary software. Open source software is easier to modify and debug, since people are free to modify and contribute to the project. It can also be cheaper than similar propietary software. However, the proprietary software can be more familiar to users and can have better support, considering there are always people responsible for it.

### Projects
1. Firefox: web browser. I used to use it fairly regularly as I found it better than Internet Explorer. The alternatives to it are Internet Explorer, Edge, Google Chrome, and Safari.
2. Virtual Box: software for setting up and managing virtual machines. I've used this for class where I need to use Linux, and also for a project which I couldn't get to work on Windows. VMWare is an alternative.
3. GIMP: GNU's image editing and processing software. Photoshop iand Microsoft Paint are alternatives. I've used this for image editing as a substitute for Photoshop since I can do what I need to do without paying for the Photoshop license.
4. Open Office: a set of programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations. I recently decided to try it out after needing a new desktop at home because I didn't want to worry about which Microsoft Office license to get. (Price was also a factor). Microsoft Office and Google Docs are popular alternatives, but Pages is also an alternative on Macs.

### Speaker Questions
1. What do you see as the biggest opportunity for growth for Red Hat in the near future?
2. Which has been your favorite project to work on?
3. What are the unique challenges of working in an open source environment?

