# Week 07

## Open Data Week Events

### BUGS Open Data Showcase at NYU (3/5)

This event featured a panel discussion about open data. The panel brought up some really interesting questions about the reliability and accessibility of open data. I(And I also enjoyed the story about the hip replacement) I also really liked that the panelists had different areas of expertise but were all advocates and users of open data.

Overall, the panel really encouraged me to think about open data as an ongoing process that involves various parties and interests. Hearing about other processes for getting the equivalent information made me appreciate the currently existing open projects on the internet, but also the movement to open and maintain public data sets. The comment from a student that open data made their thesis possible really struck me. I also became more aware of representation issues with regards to who is able to access and use this data, the data itself, as well as who is collecting and publishing it.

There was nothing I particularly disliked about the panel.

### Data Through Design Exhibit (3/9)

I decided to go to the Data Through Design exhibit after a different event I was originally planning to attend got postponed becuase of the snow storm. The exhibit featured visual representations of various NYC data sets. Attending the exhibit helped me get a sense of the variety of items NYC's open data sets measure, even though the exhibit itself was small. The projects on display touched on topics such as the variety of tree species, crime rates by area, and most common causes of death. 

I really liked how the tree project represented the results by using different types of wood for each neighborhood in Manhattan that corresponds to the most common type of tree found there. The project about sexual trauma also did a really good job with relatively simple visuals, using lights to represent the frequency of sex crimes. However, for the zoning project I would've liked to see some more written information about what exactly was being measured as looking at the maps on their own was a little confusing. Also one of the displays seemed to not be working properly. 

One project in particular focused on what the numbers don't reveal, which I found very interesting. However, the individual video clips used in the project didn't feel connected and in one case cut off mid thought. I would've also liked to have seen some more information about what was extrapolated from the data. However, overall it was an interesting exhibit and I think it could grow in the future.

## Contributions

None this week
