# Week 6

## PDF.js Team Assessment

So far, I've noticed that the team struggles with coordination. Everyone has different schedules which means that not everyone can respond quickly to communications. Indecisiveness also seems to be common, which we will have to work on in the coming weeks.
As for strengths, Dora is very good with the details, while Ashley is very responsive and good with research. Ryan and Suyasha offer different perspectives and perserverance respectively to help with a variety of problems. I can offer my experience with web development and documentation, as well as my ability to learn quickly.

## Meeting times
The two meeting times agreed on were Wednesdays from 5-7pm and Saturdays from 4-6pm.

##  Goals
1. Explore the project's site and demo to get a better understanding of the project
2. Install the development environment 
3. Read through the code base and documentation to see what the code already has
4. Test out the development environment for bugs
5. Open an issue when a new bug is found
6. Triage some bugs
7. Work on beginner friendly bugs

## Open data week

I plan on attending the BUGS Open Data event at NYU on Monday. I am also planning on attending the Open Data Showcase at Hunter College on Wednesday.

## This week's contributions
This week I opened an issue on the course website [here](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/issues/94)
Edit to the Bejeweled 3 wikipedia page. [Contribution list](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?limit=50&title=Special%3AContributions&contribs=user&target=Oeko96&namespace=&tagfilter=&start=2018-02-01&end=2018-03-04)
