# Week 12

## Team Progress
This week my team added a half snow slab to the game, as was requested. However, the stacking logic is still being worked on, as a gap appears when trying to stack 2 slabs on top of each other. I've been looking at some of the code related to UI, specifically the scrollable dropdown menu. To help me understand the code better, I spent some time reading Java documentation for UI related classes. Dora and I are working on increasing the height of the dropdown and scrollable area in the menu.

## License

Terasology uses the Apache license, version 2.0. The license grants users perpetual rights to reproduce, create derivative works, and share the code. However, if the user decides to redistribute the original or a derivative version that they have added to, they must do so under the original license. All of the original copyrights, trademarks, etc must be included. If they have made any changes, they must clearly state which areas are their own work. It doesn't allow the user to use the original trademarks of the licensor.

Artwork in Terasology is licensed under the Creative Commons 4.0 which allows the user to freely distribute and adapt the work for any purpose. However, the user can't add additional restrictions if they redistribute the work. They must provide credit, a link to the license, and indication if any changes were made.

## Contributions

This week I revisisted a bug that I had previously commented on and attempted to replicate the issue. I commented that I couldn't replicate it on my system. I also commented on a different bug to see if it was taken (links in contributions).
