# Week 4

## Website fixes

This week I fixed an issue with the course website, specifically incorrect link text for a link to Webopedia. The process was as follows:
1. I read the discussion on the issue again to have an idea of where to look.
2. I forked the repository to my own account.
3. I made a local copy of the repository using git clone.
4. Looked in the index.md file as was suggested in the issue tracker, which I then modified to fix the link issue.
5. After saving my changes, I checked the status of my copy with git status.
6. Then I pushed the changes with these steps: `git add .` `git commit`, and `git push`.
7. Once that was done I submitted the pull request though Github.

## Code Triage

When I signed up for Code Triage, the first project I selected was Oppia. Through the email, I was linked to bug number 3813.
I noticed that the report had a helpful image and explanation of unexpected behavior but no reproduction steps or environment information.
There were no comments on the issue, but the issue's tags had been changed multiple times. While searching to see if it had been resolved,
I noticed that there was a recent pull request that addressed a similar issue and could potentially address the issue I'd been looking at.
Thus, I figured it was too early for me to take action on the issue.

I was also curious about Notebook.ai so I signed up to get triage emails for that project as well. Even though the latest commit was relatively recent, the issue tracker didn't seem to have too much recent activity. I received links to some issues that hadn't been updated for months and there wasn't much discussion on the issues I was linked to. 
