# Week 10

## Team Progress 

My team ultimately decided to switch projects from PDF.js to Terasology as we were having trouble finding issues that we could work on. I spent part of the week setting up the development environment and testing out the game. As a team, we created new milestones and updated them as we made progress. We also picked an issue to work on and managed to reproduce the bug.

## Google's Approach to Open Source

I liked that Google's approach to open source aims to create an environment that is welcoming to contributors both within and outside of Google. I was actually surprised to hear that some of the projects had more contributors who aren't employees. Danna brought up an interesting point about how opening up the codebase helps expose people to the most common languages and technologies used by Google, which helps the learning curve go more smoothly.

## Code of Conduct Document

Having this document can help establish guidelines to keep things flowing smoothly and help new contributors by providing information on, for example, where to ask certain questions. It also sets clear policies and standards for what is not acceptable, a basis on which moderators can take action if need be. However, this document can also be ignored or seen simply as common sense. Terasology has a code of conduct [here](https://github.com/MovingBlocks/Terasology/blob/develop/docs/Conduct.md)

## Contributions this week

Since a lot of the week was dedicated to project switching, there are no new contributions this week :(
