---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---
# This week's reading 
## The Cathedral and The Bazaar

In the cathedral model, the software is kept hidden until it's complete. On completion, it's unveiled as a grand project that people can use, but the details of its construction are hidden from the public. Meanwhile, the bazaar model is more open. The software's source code is out and visible even before the project is complete. Users can see the work in progress and also acquire the right to use, modify, and make something new from it. I'm more familiar with the cathedral model, keeping my work behind the scenes until it's in a state I consider presentable. In my projects, I tend to test until I'm sure that it works how I want it to before even thinking of presenting it. But the bazaar model does have its benefits in allowing projects to grow and create a bigger impact.

### Lessons from the Essay

2. "Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite and reuse"
  I liked this lesson a lot because it encapsulates the free software model. Being able to write code from scratch is useful, but this lesson tells us that being able to take lessons from what others have done and incoporate them is also important and allows the software to grow. 

11. "The next best thing to having good ideas is recognizing good ideas from your users. Sometimes the latter is better"
  Many programming projects start with a developer's own ideas but can become a better project when user feedback is incorporated. Users and their experience with the software ultimately determines the success of a piece of software more than the technical specs the developers put in. A user can provide a different perspective that helps perfect the software, and an idea that one user comes up with can solve a problem that more users face with the software.

